c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\Sales.exe.config
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\Sales.exe
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\Sales.pdb
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.g.resources
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.exe
c:\users\user01\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.pdb
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\EditView.baml
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\ListView.baml
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\EditView.g.cs
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\ListView.g.cs
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user01\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sales\Sales\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
